---
layout: post_page
title: "20 at 20"
description: ""
category: 
tags: []
---
In response to all the posts out there entitled "20 Things I wish I knew when I was 20", I present:

<strong>20 Things I Currently Know at 20 </strong>

<br />
<ol style="line-height:1.9em">
	<li style="line-height:1.9em">I would be nowhere without my iPhone. Because I would be extremely lost.</li>
	<li style="line-height:1.9em">Being spontaneous creates unforgettable memories, at all times of the day.</li>
	<li style="line-height:1.9em">I have an addiction to avocados, as in I have to eat one each day. </li>
	<li style="line-height:1.9em">Vacuum the floor, wash your sheets. <em>Seriously.</em></li>
	<li style="line-height:1.9em">That first paycheck feels like its made out of gold, and you will instagram, email, and tweet it.</li>
	<li style="line-height:1.9em">Why are groceries so expensive and heavy?!</li>
	<li style="line-height:1.9em">As good as that pizza smells and that Monster feels, it will bite you back in your malnourished ass 2 weeks down the road. In the middle of 4 midterms and 0 hours of sleep.</li>
	<li style="line-height:1.9em">That being said, some of the best memories are made over shitty pizza and Monster chugging competitions. So do it anyway.</li>
	<li style="line-height:1.9em">Home is where everything is good and clean and warm and love.</li>
	<li style="line-height:1.9em">Sometimes it's okay to do nothing and be a bum.</li>
	<li style="line-height:1.9em">Reading falls to the wayside so easily. Make time for reading, whether it's the news or foreign literature.</li>
	<li style="line-height:1.9em">People are so diversely talented, and there are few places as diverse as college. Learn from their experiences.</li>
	<li style="line-height:1.9em">The limiting reagent of laundry is the number of underwear you have left and the number of times you can convince yourself that 'these clothes are totally clean'.</li>
	<li style="line-height:1.9em">All nighters aren't worth it unless you end up walking along the Charles River with amazing friends at 7am after vomitting out the world's shittiest pset. Watching that sunrise over the Boston skyline...definitely one of the most beautiful sights I've seen to date.</li>
	<li style="line-height:1.9em">Email filters are god's gift.</li>
	<li style="line-height:1.9em">Shitty beer means frat party games.</li>
	<li style="line-height:1.9em">Growing up is inevitable. Spend less time worrying about the up, and more about the growing.</li>
	<li style="line-height:1.9em">Being 'mature' is overrated.</li>
	<li style="line-height:1.9em">Having 2 screens makes for efficient coding-while-redditing.</li>
	<li style="line-height:1.9em">I know nothing. But I have years to learn.</li>

</ol>