---
layout: post_page
title: "Making things faster"
description: ""
category: 
tags: []
---

One of the problems I've encountered outside MIT is the internet speed, or lack thereof (yes I know this is a first world problem). It doesn't bother me that much, as long as I get a solid connection to Spotify and Gmail.

A key part of a web-based service is <strong>speed</strong>, or rather, the speed at which your service can be served. Humans are impatient and accustomed to fast-served sites, so extra milliseconds spent waiting for a website to load can potentially have huge costs. This is made even harder by the fact that websites nowadays are client-side heavy with fancy javascript functionality, as well as high-res photos that need to be downloaded and multiple API calls that have to parsed.

My task was to make the AppDirect homepage faster. I had zero clue as to how this could be done, so I'll be reguarly updating this post as I discover new things.

<h2> Cheers to Google </h2>
Thankfully Google has awesome developer tools. Using the network and profiling tabs to identify latencies on the homepage was remarkably useful --> seems like a lot of the load time is spent loading the pictures and (potentially) parsing through the 5 API calls being made. PageSpeed is also a great chrome extension that analyzes the site and makes suggestions on how the performance could be improved. 

Right now the performance is at a paltry 61/100. Hmm. Seems like I'll need to benchmark some things and get a concrete record of how long each rendering / call takes. 